there are many ways you can earn passive
income you can do this for almost any
industry and i'm going to show you how
hey everyone i'm neil patel and today
i'm going to break down how i earn
passive income every day with seo and
you can too
before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube click the alert notification
the first way is tools
a great example of this is uber suggests
ubersuggest is a free seo tool you can
check it at neopatel.com
ubersuggest and uber says will tell your
seo errors it'll tell you things that
are wrong with your site now of course
if i want the company to continually
grow and be big which we do i have to
have developers engineers product people
and the list goes on and on and on but
if i just wanted some side passive
income i could charge a monthly fee for
the tool and not put a ton of resources
and collect the checks you want to build
a big business that way but you can have
a passive lifestyle and software is one
of the best ways to do so if you don't
have the ability to pay someone to build
software you can go look at sites like
microacquire where you can buy existing
software solutions that and some of them
run on autopilot capture them buy them
and just cache your checks or you can
use sites like codecanyon where you can
buy some of these existing tools you're
going to have to modify and make them
better
eventually add a way where you can
collect payment options from them
and again you know collect your passive
income what i found one of my favorite
strategies out of everything is the
micro required approach in which you go
and you find some tools that are sale
for really cheap you buy them and you
just collect your passive checks
and what's crazy about microacquirer is
they have a deal with this company
called capchase which allows you to buy
the company you don't really have to put
any money out of your pocket it's
financed through them and in essence
that passive income's paying for the
tool and then eventually once it's paid
off you own it and you're collecting the
passive income amazing strategy
the second way is courses i used to have
a program called the advanced marketing
program
and the advanced marketing program was
this 48 week module course that teaches
you all aspects of marketing seo
pay-per-click conversion optimization
list goes on and on i don't really sell
the advanced marketing problem anymore
nor can you buy it it's not available
but if i wanted to i could keep selling
it during the peak the advanced
marketing program was doing around six
hundred thousand dollars a month let me
repeat that it's doing around six
hundred thousand dollars a month
now
my course wasn't as passive as most
people probably would like i was putting
a lot of effort running ads i was
literally putting in so much effort
refreshing and revising my old content
making it better
selling higher ticket items but what you
can do is use a platform like kajabi and
you know set up a course once your
course is up and running you can just
start driving traffic through facebook
ads
or
this one's even easier go find the
online course sites like the udemy's or
coursera's or whatever ones that allow
you to upload your own course that
already have the audience they take a
cut and even if you're getting a smaller
check you don't have to do anything you
just had to create the content it lives
on there just undercut everyone in price
create a handful of them and it's
actually not that hard to generate a few
thousand to five thousand dollars a
month just doing that that's a great way
to generate passive income broke down
two strategies for you i recommend that
you check them out um these course sites
they already do well through seo and
they rank for a lot of stuff so that
drives traffic tools they rank really
well on google and generate links so
over time you can get more and more
traffic but that's what i would do if i
were you in essence their indirect way
of using seo to drive some traffic but
it does really well and you can reach
out to other people already have
rankings and articles that talk about
tools or courses ask them to include
yours it'll drive more sales to you it's
well worth it if you're not leveraging
passive income and you want more
flexibility with your lifestyle and
traveling i highly recommend that you
check these strategies out if you enjoy
the video like it share it i know it's a
little bit short but i want to give you
10 ways when i know there's two amazing
ways that i love that i recommend that
everyone check out
thank you for watching